1. Solution Overview
Southern California Edison (SCE)'s architectural transformation is strategically designed to leverage the full spectrum of Azure cloud services, addressing both current limitations and future opportunities within the technological landscape. By transitioning from our on-premises SCE ADC and IOC data centers, which currently house more than 350 applications, we aim to modernize our infrastructure landscape, enhance operational efficiency, and capitalize on technological advancements such as Al and data analytics. This move is driven by the need for forced discipline, cost reduction for TCO, focused workforce on business logic/data, speed to market/speed to innovation. in alignment with Cloud Strategic goals The shift to Azure presents numerous opportunities including cost optimization through scalable resources that match usage patterns, thus reducing capital expenses tied to physical infrastructure. Enhanced business agility will allow us to quickly adapt to operational demands with a flexible infrastructure capable of rapid scaling. Maximizing usage of SaaS, PaaS and managed instances with introduce "forced discipline" ensuring adhering to standards and best practices. The increased adoption of automation into this new landscape will help SCE move towards a "low-touch"
1=圧
ー
-ổ Viewing ~
B S
Our target architecture is not only aligned with strategic goals but also poised to harness Azure's capabilities for creating a resilient, high-performing enterprise solution that is future-proofed against an ever-evolving digital landscape.
To proactively support the Cloud Migration of Applications program, SCE is establishing the enterprise foundation in the West US 3 region and East US as the Microsoft defined DR regional pair for Priority one applications. This foundation will define standard tools and practices, including cloud-native monitoring, backup, and security policy compliance, supplemented by additional cybersecurity monitoring tools. It will also cover platform automation, a VWAN-Hub network strategy, and an Enterprise Scale architecture that leverages cloud-native API integration for application and security monitoring eliminating point-to-point integration.
